hey I'm Haley
hello down the road I'm you I they say
you're what like allergic to the world
right I guess you could say that they
looked everywhere for doctor it helps
you usually get better promise
hello Eli I'm dr. horn well I hope you
don't think of this as a medical
facility to me it's a home and for now
it's your home but everything we hoped
for is right here shall we begin
what do you think is making you sick
lots of things the air water dust Eli's
gonna get worse before he gets better
something in my room
bad dreams are a side effect it's
perfectly normal I don't need to freak
you out with this place gives me the
creeps
I think she's making me sicker it's not
the medication why do I feel works
because it's working something bad is
happening
[Music]
this is life in danger
you're doing it better promise
you